Update PayPalCheckout to 1.0.0 (#1071)
braintree/braintree_ios: CHANGELOG.md

# Braintree iOS SDK Release Notes

> ## Unreleased

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## unreleased
```

^ nit since our [CI is configured to use lowercase](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios/blob/6bc35d328d2aa9660d8339e25e14f778925e7811/.github/workflows/release.yml#L22)

# Braintree iOS SDK Release Notes

## Unreleased

> * BraintreePayPalNativeCheckout (GA)!
>   * Update PayPalCheckout from 0.110.0 to 1.0.0. This is our newly released GA version

Reviewer 2: Nitpick comment:

```suggestion
* BraintreePayPalNativeCheckout (GA)!
  * Update PayPalCheckout from 0.110.0 to 1.0.0. 
  * _Note: This module module will now be subject to semantic versioning._
```
